Oops oops
Fourth Young Master, you are here
I've been waiting for you.
Our family is not engaged to him at all
Three generations of seeds
Not worthy of my family at all
It is. It is.
Young Master Sun, do you have to call the shots for us?
Hmph, didn't I come today?
Today's event will not be deleted.
How can you change your mind?
What change of heart
Never agreed
The girl in my family can only be a famous family like Sun Shao
Women who like wheelchairs
Are your Sun family's hobbies so special?
Lu, how dare you be arrogant?
I should have asked you that.
Now?
You still dare to appear in front of me and the marriage is not over yet
Of course I want you.
Sanshao
Please also raise your hand
I grew up in the countryside
Not worthy of you
Of course you don't deserve it.
But only my Sun family has ever robbed others
No one else robbed my Sun family
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
I know you have the tenderness of five hands
But tenderness is always in sight
You see, there is a hand that can come today.
Cut the crap
My third fortune today
It must convince you.
Haha, please contact your current Sun family.
What do you take to convince me?
Bring out my third dowry
My third dowry
You have no idea.